LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX..."
WE GOTTA GET ALEXIS BACK.
YEAH! HAND HER OVER
RIGHT NOW OR
YOU'LL BE SORRY.
THE ONLY WAY I WILL
FREE HER IS IF YOU
BEAT ME AT A SHADOW GAME.
ALL RIGHT.
GET YOUR GAME ON!
I SUMMON TERRORKING ARCHFIEND
IN ATTACK MODE.
LOCUST STORM BARRAGE.
NOW SAY HELLO TO
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT.
I ACTIVATE TERRORKING'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ONCE AGAIN.
AND NOW YOU WILL
PAY THE PRICE!
[GRUNTING]
THIS STINKS!
NOW ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ARE DESTROYED.
AND YOU'RE NEXT!
[LAUGHING]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
HA HA HA.
YOUR DESTINY IS SET!
SOON, MY ARCHFIEND DECK WILL
FINISH OFF ALL YOUR MONSTERS.
AND MY MILLENNIUM ITEM
WILL FINISH OFF YOUR SOUL!
THIS MATCH ISN'T
OVER YET!
I'VE STILL GOTTA FEW
CARDS UP MY SLEEVE!
LIKE THIS ONE:
MIRAGE OF NIGHTMARE!
AND I'LL THROW DOWN
A COUPLE OF FACEDOWNS
WHILE I'M AT IT!
DON'T WASTE MY TIME!
YOUR LIFE POINTS
WON'T LAST LONG ENOUGH
FOR YOU TO USE ANY MORE
OF YOUR CARDS!
ALEXIS' SOUL WILL SOON BE
GONE AND SO WILL YOURS!
IT'S MY TURN!
HOLD ON! I THINK YOU'RE
FORGETTIN' SOMETHIN'!
MIRAGE LETS ME DRAW
TILL I HAVE 4 CARDS
IN MY HAND.
SO GO AHEAD THEN!
YOU COULD HAVE 4 MILLION
AND IT STILL
WOULDN'T DEFEND YOU
AGAINST THE CRUSHING
POWER OF MY MONSTER!
ALLOW MY TERRORKING ARCHFIEND
TO GIVE YOU AN EXAMPLE!
ATTACK!
LOCUST STORM BARRAGE!
TALK ABOUT BUTTERFLIES
IN YOUR STOMACH!
GOOD THING I PLAYED
A TRAP CARD,
MIRROR FORCE!
SAY GOOD-BYE TO ALL YOUR
MONSTERS IN ATTACK MODE!
TOTALLY 'LISHUS!
IF JADEN KEEPS THIS UP,
WE CAN FINALLY GET OUTTA HERE!
AND WITH ALEXIS, TOO!
HOW DARE YOU?!
HOW? 'CAUSE I'M
DARING, I GUESS.
WELL, LET'S SEE HOW
DARING YOU ARE AFTER THIS!
I'M USING DESROOK ARCHFIEND'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
IT ALLOWS ME TO RESURRECT
TERRORKING ARCHFIEND
BY SENDING THIS CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
SAY HELLO TO
A NOT-SO-OLD FRIEND!
HIM AGAIN?
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
THE EFFECT
OF THE FIELD SPELL
CARD PANDEMONIUM!
ITS POWERFUL MAGIC ALLOWS ME
TO DRAW A NEW ARCHFIEND
IF ONE OF MY ARCHFIEND
MONSTERS IS EVER SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
OF COURSE, THIS NEW ARCHFIEND
CAN'T BE AS POWERFUL,
BUT THEN, MY TERRORKING
ARCHFIEND IS PACKING MORE
THAN ENOUGH POWER AS IT IS!
NOW LET'S TRY THIS AGAIN.
LOCUST STORM BARRAGE!
WILL THIS STORM
EVER LET UP?
GO EMERGENCY PROVISIONS!
THIS SPELL CARD ALLOWS
ME TO SACRIFICE ANOTHER
SPELL OR TRAP CARD
AND GET BACK
1,000 LIFE POINTS!
YOU STILL STAND?
AS LONG AS I GOT
TWO GOOD LEGS!
HA HA HA.
BUT YOUR LEGS ARE NOT GOOD,
AND NOW, WITH THIS LATEST
STRIKE ON YOUR LIFE POINTS,
NEITHER ARE YOUR ARMS!
AW, MAN!
JADEN'S FADING
REALLY FAST!
[THINKING]
TALK ABOUT HANGING ON
BY A LIMB.
BETTER MAKE
THIS TURN COUNT!
ALL RIGHT! I USE
THE SPELL CARD THE
WARRIOR RETURNING ALIVE!
WHICH BRINGS BACK
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN.
NOW, FUSE
WITH BURTINATRIX
AND CREATE THE ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW WHADAYA SAY WE
TURN UP THE HEAT
IN HERE, WINGMAN?
ATTACK WITH
INFERNAL RAGE!
[GROAN]
OH, BY THE WAY, DID I
MENTION HIS SUPER POWER?
YOUR BEASTIE'S WON'T BE
THE ONLY ONE HURTIN'!
YOU WILL, TOO!
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO YOUR DESTROYED
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS!
PARTS OF HIM ARE
STARTING TO DISAPPEAR
NOW, TOO, CHUMLEY!
THINK THAT COULD WORK
ON MY WAISTLINE?
IT MATTERS NOT BECAUSE I HAVE
YET ANOTHER DESROOK ARCHFIEND!
I SIMPLY DISCARD HIM TO
BRING BACK MY TERRORKING.
THERE'S NO ESCAPING HIM!
RISE AGAIN, TERRORKING!
THIS GUY'S REALLY
OVERSTAYING HIS WELCOME!
I GOTTA FIND A WAY TO
GET RID OF HIM SOMEHOW!
BUT FIRST, I GOTTA
PROTECT MYSELF WITH
DARK CATAPULTER.
NOW COME ON
AND DO YOUR WORST!
YOU WANT MY WORST?
YOU SHOULD BE CAREFUL
WHAT YOU WISH FOR,
BECAUSE YOU JUST
MIGHT GET IT.
ESPECIALLY WHEN THIS
CARD IS IN THE MIX!
I SACRIFICE MY
TERRORKING ARCHIFEND
AND CALL FORTH
THE SKULL ARCHFIEND
OF LIGHTNING!
YOU WANTED MY WORST?
WELL, NOW YOU HAVE IT--
EVERY LAST
SUPER CHARGED VOLT!
AW, MAN!
JADEN!
[THINKING] I GOTTA
HANG ON FOR ALEXIS.
LOOK INTO MY MILLENNIUM ITEM
AND FEEL YOURSELF DRIFTER
EVEN FURTHER INTO THE SHADOWS!
YOU ARE DEFEATED.
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE ALL BUT GONE.
SOON YOU WILL BE
NOTHING BUT A HOLLOW,
SOULLESS SHELL!
FEEL YOURSELF DRIFTING,
DRIFTING, DRIFTING!
I--I CAN'T SEE ANYMORE!
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO ME?!
HA HA HA!
HE CAN'T EVEN STAND UP!
JADEN!
[GROANING]
[THINKING] HA HA HA!
LOOK AT HIM SUFFERING!
THE SHADOWS ARE
A POWERFUL WEAPON INDEED.
EVEN THE ONES
SIMPLY IN YOUR MIND!
IF ONLY HE KNEW.
[GROANING]
HUH?
[THINKING] HEY, THAT
YOU, WINGED KURIBOH?
WHAT IS IT, PAL?
YOU TRYIN' TO
TELL ME SOMETHIN'?
WHOA, STAY STEADY,
WOULD YOU?
WITH THAT BRIGHT LIGHT,
YOU'RE GONNA
HYPNOTIZE ME QUICKER
THAN YA HELP ME--
[GASP]
WAIT! THAT'S IT!
THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE
TRYIN' TO TELL ME!
WE'RE NOT PLAYIN'
IN THE SHADOWS!
HE'S PLAYIN'
WITH MY MIND!
WELL, NO MORE!
I GOT THIS SHADOW GAME
SCAM FIGURED OUT!
DID HE SAY
SHADOW GAME SCAM?
WHAT'S HE MEAN?
I MEAN, MY SOUL'S
NOT ON THE SERVING
PLATE ANYMORE!
HUH?
LET'S KEEP GOIN'!
MY TURN!
[THINKING]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
WHY ISN'T HE SCARED ANYMORE?
FIRST I'M GONNA ACTIVATE
MY DARK CATAPULTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
IT ALLOWS ME
TO REMOVE ONE CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
FOR EVERY TURN
CATAPULTER WAS
IN DEFENSE MODE.
THEN, FOR EVERY CARD
I REMOVE,
I GET TO DESTROY
ONE TRAP OR SPELL CARD
OUT IN PLAY!
SO SINCE HE WAS
IN DEFENSE MODE
FOR ONE TURN,
I'LL REMOVE AVIAN
AND NOW I'LL DESTROY
YOUR PANDEMONIUM CARD!
STORM SHOWER BLAST!
UH-OH.
[GROANING]
HUH?
SO WHAT! YOU STILL
HAVEN'T DESTROYED THIS!
YOU OUGHTA BE CAREFUL
WHAT YOU WISH FOR!
YOU MIGHT JUST GET IT!
WHAT DID YOU DO?!
ALL RIGHT, JADEN!
YOU GOT
YOUR BODY BACK!
I NEVER LOST IT!
THIS WHOLE SHADOW GAME
WAS JUST A BIG FAKE!
HUH?
IT WAS ALL JUST HYPNOSIS!
A WHOLE LOTTA
SMOKE AND MIRRORS
TO MAKE ME THINK
I WAS LOSIN' MY SOUL!
THIS GUY'S A COMPLETE SHAM!
I MEAN, HE'S PROBABLY JUST
SOME OUT OF WORK CARNIE!
I'M NOT OUT OF WORK.
I COULD GET MY JOB
AT THE FAIR BACK
ANY TIME I WANT!
YEAH, I'M SURE
THAT YOU COULD,
AND I'M SURE
THAT PAPIER-MACHE
MILLENNIUM ITEM
GOES OVER REAL WELL
WITH THE KIDDIES?
NO! BE QUIET!
IT'S REAL! I'M REAL!
YOU'RE A SIDESHOW PHONY.
YOU FOOL! YOU FORGET!
OH!
HMM.
THE GIRL!
ALEXIS!
HA HA HA! THAT'S RIGHT--
IMPRISONED IN A SHADOW TOMB!
HER SOUL IS FESTERING
IN THE DARK RECESSES
OF THE NETHERWORLD!
THAT PROVES THIS MILLENNIUM
PENDANT IS REAL.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE
TO SAY TO THAT?!
HUH?
HMM. BESIDES THAT
YOU'RE A BIG DUNCE?
SEE, ALL THE MILLENNIUM
ITEMS WERE SKETCHED ON
THE INSIDE OF THIS DOOR.
AND YOURS WOULD BE
CALLED THE MILLENNIUM
PUZZLE, NOT PENDENT!
YOU DON'T HAVE
ALEXIS' SOUL!
YOU NEVER DID!
SO HAND HER OVER
AND HAND OVER ALL THE
OTHER KIDS YOU SNATCHED!
OTHER KIDS?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
AND BECAUSE OF YOUR
EARLIER CARNIE COMMENT,
YOU CAN FIND YOUR FRIEND
BY YOURSELF!
NO WAY! YOU'RE NOT
GETTIN' OUTTA HERE
THAT EASY. COME HERE!
[NO AUDIO]
WHOA.
HOW'D YOU DO THIS TRICK?
I DIDN'T!
WHAT THE--
OH!
Syrus: JADEN?!
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
WHERE AM I?
COME ON.
ENOUGH TRICKS ALREADY!
A TRICK?!
I CAN'T DO SOMETHING
LIKE THIS!
HELP! THEY'RE ATTACKING!
JADEN! SAVE ME!
WHAT IN THE--
NOW, THAT'S WEIRD.
FIRST I HEAR YA,
NOW I SEE YA.
WHAT IN THE WORLD'S
GOIN' ON HERE?
HEY, WAY TO SHOW 'EM
WHO'S BOSS, KURIBOH!
TOO BAD HE DOESN'T HAVE
A FRIEND LIKE YOU.
JADEN YUKI.
THE SHADOWS PANG FOR A SOUL.
ONLY ONE SHALL SURVIVE.
OH, COME ON, NOW!
RED CONTACTS?
YOU REALLY WENT
OVERBOARD SETTIN' UP
FOR THIS, HUH?
THIS DUEL SHALL NOW CONTINUE
IN THE SHADOW REALM.
SO YOU'RE STICKIN' WITH
THE SHADOW REALM THING?
FINE, AT LEAST WE GET
TO FINISH OUR MATCH!
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
MONSTER REINCARNATION!
NOW, BY DISCARDING ONE
CARD FROM MY HAND,
ONE OF MY GRAVEYARD
MONSTERS COMES BACK!
AND I CHOOSE EVERYBODY'S
FAVORITE GOLDEN BOY,
SPARKMAN!
YOU REMEMBER HIM,
DON'T YA?
VERY WELL, MY TURN.
YEAH, BUT DON'T FORGET,
MR. TALL, DARK AND SCARY,
WITHOUT YOUR PANDEMONIUM
FIELD CARD IN PLAY,
HAVING AN ARCHFIEND
OUT COSTS YOU 500
LIFE POINTS PER TURN!
500 LIFE POINTS IS NOTHING
COMPARED TO A SOUL!
NOW, SKULL ARCHFIEND ATTACK!
WHOA! YOU'RE REALLY
PULLIN' OUT ALL THE
STOPS NOW, AREN'T YA?
I NOW PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND SUMMON THE
DESROOK ARCHFIEND
IN ATTACK MODE
TO END MY TURN.
DON'T YOU WORRY,
KURIBOH!
I'M TOTALLY STILL
IN THIS DUEL!
HERE GOES!
[THINKING] ALL RIGHT!
THEY SAY
THE BEST DEFENSE
IS A GOOD OFFENSE.
BUT WHAT'S COOL
ABOUT THIS CARD
IS THAT IT CAN LET ME
HAVE BOTH!
SPARKMAN, I'M PUTTIN'
YOU IN ATTACK MODE!
AND ARMING YOU
WITH THE SPELL CARD
SPARK BLASTER.
IT HAS 3 BLASTS
AND LET'S ME CHANGE
THE BATTLE MODE
OF ANY MONSTER ON THE
FIELD FOR EACH OF 'EM.
AND I THINK I KNOW
JUST THE MONSTER
TO USE IT ON FIRST!
SO BE IT.
CHANGE THE BATTLE MODE OF MY
SKULL ARCHFIEND OF LIGHTNING.
HIS 1,200 DEFENSE POINTS
SHOULD MAKE FOR EASY CONQUEST,
UNLESS THE ROULETTE
NEGATES YOUR EFFECT AGAIN.
SORRY! BUT THAT'S
NOT THE MONSTER I
WAS TALKIN' ABOUT!
IN FACT, MY SPARKMAN'S
NOT EVEN GONNA USE
THAT BLASTER YET!
HE'S ATTACKING YOUR
DESROOK ARCHFIEND WITH
STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
OH, AND AS FOR
WHO I'M GONNA USE
THE SPARK BLASTER ON?
THE SPARKMAN HIMSELF!
FROM OFFENSE TO DEFENSE!
COWARD.
FIRST YOU HAVE YOUR SPARKMAN
ATTACK MY LIFE POINTS
AND THEN YOU HAVE HIM SWITCH
TO PROTECT YOUR OWN.
BUT IT MATTERS NOT.
NOTHING CAN PROTECT YOU
FROM THIS!
THE TRAP CARD BATTLE-SCARRED!
WITH IT, THE 500 LIFE POINT
PER TURN COST
OF MY SKULL ARCHFIEND
OF LIGHTNING
AFFECTS NOT ONLY ME,
BUT YOU, TOO!
AND FOR AS LONG AS
HE'S OUT ON THE FIELD!
ARGH! THIS IS BAD.
I WON'T BE ABLE TO LAST
ANOTHER TURN!
DON'T WORRY,
KURIBOH BUDDY!
IT'S ALL GOOD!
WE STILL GOT SPARKMAN.
WRONG! SKULL ARCHFIEND,
DESTROY THAT PEON!
BLAST STREAM OF FURY!
NEXT, I PLACE A FACEDOWN CARD
AND ACTIVATE THE SPELL CARD
DOUBLE SPELL.
NOW, BY SIMPLY DISCARDING
ONE OF THE SPELL CARDS
IN MY HAND,
I AM ALLOWED TO USE
ONE OF THE SPELL CARDS
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD.
AND I SELECT
EMERGENCY PROVISIONS.
NOW I SACRIFICE
ONE MEANINGLESS CARD
AND REGAIN A TOTAL
OF 1,000 LIFE POINTS.
YOUR FATE IS SEALED.
YOU HAVE NOT A SINGLE CARD
REMAINING IN YOUR HAND.
BATTLE-SCARRED WILL TAKE YOUR
LAST LIFE POINTS NEXT TURN.
THEN YOU'LL JOIN THE REST
OF THE STUDENTS I'VE TAKEN
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
BETTER MAKE
THIS TURN COUNT!
'CAUSE ONE WAY
OR ANOTHER IT'S
GONNA BE MY LAST!
HERE I COME!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO BUBBLEMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW BUBBLEMAN'LL
JUST BURST IF
HE'S LEFT ALONE,
SO IF HE'S THE LAST
CARD IN MY HAND
WHEN I SUMMON HIM,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
ANOTHER MONSTER!
AND THERE'S MORE--
IF HE'S THE ONLY ONE
ON THE FIELD
WHEN HE'S SUMMONED,
I GET TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
AND WOULDN'T YA KNOW?!
I DREW HIS FAVORITE--
BUBBLE SHUFFLE!
ACTUALLY, IT'S MORE
OF A TWO-STEP.
SEE, IT WORKS LIKE THIS:
I SWITCH HIM AND ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS
TO DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I SACRIFICE
BUBBLEMAN AND
SUMMON A HERO!
IF MY SKULL ARCHFIEND'S
COUNTER EFFECT
DOES NOT RENDER YOUR
SPELL CARD USELESS, THAT IS.
IF THIS ROULETTE LANDS
ON A 1, 3, OR 6,
YOUR BUBBLE SHUFFLE
SPELL FAILS TO ACTIVATE.
AW, I'VE HAD BAD LUCK
WITH THIS THING.
TWO?! OH!
ALL RIGHT!
FINALLY, I WIN!
NOW LET'S GIVE A BIG
SHADOW REALM WELCOME TO
ELEMENTAL HERO BLADEDGE!
I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING--
HE LOOKS PRETTY SHARP.
WELL, YOU'RE RIGHT!
SO SHARP THAT WHEN
HE CUTS THROUGH YOUR
DEFENDING MONSTER,
ALL EXTRA ATTACK POINTS
GO TO YOU!
NOW, HERO BLADEDGE!
SHOW HIM HOW YOU
GOT YOUR NAME!
SLICE AND DICE ATTACK!
[NO AUDIO]
NO!
ARGH! GET OFF ME!
TELL MY KIDS I LOVE--
WOW, NOW THOSE ARE SOME
SWEET SPECIAL EFFECTS!
SO REALISTIC!
HUH? THINK THAT'S AN EXIT?
WELL, GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME!
LET'S MAKE TRACKS!
JADEN!
YOU OK?
NEVER BETTER, GUYS!
WHAT HAPPENED IN THERE?!
[GASP] DUCK!
OH! AWESOME!
I WONDER WHAT HE
DOES FOR AN ENCORE!
TALK ABOUT A MAGIC TRICK!
THERE WERE LITTLE
MONSTERS AND VORTEXES.
MAGIC TRICK?
YOU DON'T THINK THAT WAS
THE REAL SHADOW REALM?
NAH! IT'S ALL MIRRORS
AND FOG MACHINES,
JUST LIKE I SAID.
THOUGH I'D GIVE MY ENTIRE DECK
TO KNOW EXACTLY HOW HE DID IT.
I'VE NEVER SEEN
ANYTHING LIKE IT!
HA HA HA!
LITTLE JADEN MUST BE BEATEN
AND PARALYZED WITH FEAR BY NOW!
COME OUT, SHADOW DUELIST!
I WANT TO HEAR
EVERY LAST DETAIL!
EVERY CHATTERING OF HIS JAW!
HMM? WHAT'S THIS?
IT'S THAT SHADOW DUELIST'S
PANDEMONIUM CARD!
HE WOULD NEVER LEAVE THIS
BEHIND UNLESS HE LOST!
WHAT KIND OF SHADOW DUELIST...
WELL, WELL.
GOOD MORNING, SLEEPY HEAD!
WHERE AM I?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
HOLD ON. WHAT KIND OF
A "THANK YOU" IS THAT?
WE'RE HERE CUZ WE HAD
TO FIND THE BAD GUY,
WIN THE DUEL, AND RESCUE
THE DAMSEL IN DISTRESS!
YEAH, THAT STRANGE
MAN SNATCHED ME!
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE FOUND YOUR CARD.
AND THIS.
MY BROTHER?!
THIS IS THE FIRST
TRACE OF HIM I'VE
SEEN IN A LONG TIME.
THAT'S RIGHT, I BROUGHT
IT TO LET YOU KNOW THAT
WE WANNA HELP YOU FIND HIM!
AFTER ALL, WE CAN'T HAVE
YOU GETTIN' LOCKED UP
IN ANY MORE TOMBS SEARCHIN'
FOR HIM ALL BY YOURSELF!
YOU REALLY WERE WORRIED
ABOUT ME WEREN'T YOU?
UH. UH-OH! SUN'S UP!
WE BETTER GET BACK BEFORE
THEY NOTICE WE'RE GONE!
BYE, ALEXIS.
YEAH, LATER!
SEE YA IN CLASS!
OH, AND IF ANYONE ASKS,
WE WERE NEVER HERE!
[THINKING] BUT YOU WERE.
AND YOU SAVED ME.
AND NOW, I MIGHT STILL BE ABLE
TO SAVE MY BROTHER, TOO.